{"structured_elements": [{"element_type": "slide", "timestamp": 0, "content": "The Next Few Years of AI 2024 to 2030 Exciting and Turbulent Times Ahead "}, {"element_type": "slide", "timestamp": 1, "content": "2024: AI Expectations In 2024, we anticipate significant advancements in AI technology. GPT-5 is rumored to be released, with Claude 4 also on the horizon, likely intensifying the release cycle competition. Multimodal models, particularly those generating high-quality video and audio, are expected to make a substantial impact. There will likely be progress in creating smaller, faster, and more cost-effective models that maintain high performance. Additionally, the first commercial humanoid robots might begin to appear, though they will likely be limited in their initial capabilities. - GPT-5: Expected to release in late 2024 or early 2025. - Claude 4: Anticipated around the same time, increasing competition. - Multimodal Models: Improved video and audio generators emerging. - Condensed Models: Smaller, faster, and cheaper models maintaining high performance. - Humanoid Robots: First commercial versions potentially rolling out by year-end."}, {"element_type": "slide", "timestamp": 4, "content": "2025: Benchmark Mastery In 2025, the focus will likely shift to utilizing and integrating GPT-5 and Claude-4 models. These models are expected to bring incremental changes, achieving better performance but not revolutionary improvements, achieving around 95% on benchmarks. These models will still significantly impact many fields. Enterprises and SMBs will begin widespread deployment of these AI technologies, leading to increased hiring for AI-enabled roles. However, full integration may face initial infrastructure challenges and require new solutions. - GPT-5 and Claude-4: Incremental improvements over current models. - Benchmark Performance: Models achieving around 95% on reasoning tasks. - Enterprise Deployment: Widespread adoption by businesses and SMBs. - AI Hiring Surge: Increased demand for AI-enabled teams and roles. - Integration Challenges: Initial infrastructure limitations and new integration needs."}]}
